@node Top
@chapter TermTools Manual

TermTools is a modern C++ library for terminal UI components, inspired by Python's Rich library.
This manual provides comprehensive documentation for all modules and components.

@menu
* Overview::                    Library introduction and quick start guide.
* Color::                       Color system with 16 colors, 256 colors, and True Color support.
* Style::                       Text styling including bold, italic, underline, and more.
* Text::                        Text processing with styling, alignment, and markup support.
* Console::                     Console output and terminal control operations.
* Table::                       Flexible table rendering with multiple border styles.
* Progress::                    Animated progress bars with spinners.
* Logger::                      Colored log output with multiple log levels.
* Prompt::                      Interactive user input handling with validation.
* Keyboard::                    Raw mode keyboard input support.
* Markdown::                    Markdown content rendering with syntax highlighting.
* UI Components::               Panel, Divider, Heading, List, Quote, and other UI components.
* Utilities::                   Utility functions for text processing and terminal detection.
@end menu

@node Overview
@section Overview

@xref{Overview,,Overview,overview,TermTools Overview} for the complete introduction.

@include overview.texi

@node Color
@section Color

@xref{Color,,Color,color,TermTools Color System} for color system documentation.

@include color.texi

@node Style
@section Style

@xref{Style,,Style,style,TermTools Text Style} for text style documentation.

@include style.texi

@node Text
@section Text

@xref{Text,,Text,text,TermTools Text Processing} for text processing documentation.

@include text.texi

@node Console
@section Console

@xref{Console,,Console,console,TermTools Console Output} for console output documentation.

@include console.texi

@node Table
@section Table

@xref{Table,,Table,table,TermTools Table Component} for table component documentation.

@include table.texi

@node Progress
@section Progress

@xref{Progress,,Progress,progress,TermTools Progress Bar} for progress bar documentation.

@include progress.texi

@node Logger
@section Logger

@xref{Logger,,Logger,logger,TermTools Logger System} for logger system documentation.

@include logger.texi

@node Prompt
@section Prompt

@xref{Prompt,,Prompt,prompt,TermTools Interactive Prompt} for interactive prompt documentation.

@include prompt.texi

@node Keyboard
@section Keyboard

@xref{Keyboard,,Keyboard,keyboard,TermTools Keyboard Input} for keyboard input documentation.

@include keyboard.texi

@node Markdown
@section Markdown

@xref{Markdown,,Markdown,markdown,TermTools Markdown Rendering} for markdown rendering documentation.

@include markdown.texi

@node UI Components
@section UI Components

@xref{UI Components,,UI Components,ui-components,TermTools UI Components} for UI components documentation.

@include ui-components.texi

@node Utilities
@section Utilities

@xref{Utilities,,Utilities,utils,TermTools Utility Functions} for utility functions documentation.

@include utils.texi

@bye
